TODO:
1) Create a word dictionary for each different input method. The words should all be different
	But for each word added, we need to make sure there is one word in every other dictionary
	that is extremely similar in distance traveled and gesture used to draw the word. We need
	a very similar dictionary for each input method even though the words all different.
2) Remove Enter, Shift, Spaces, Period, Comma, and Number keys from being able to be pressed.
3) Consider a new location for the backspace key so that it is easily accessible while at the
	same time limiting false positives for key presses. We want it to be used easily while not
	affecting swipe. So just move it away and then treat it like we did before.
4) Treat backspace like before, don't lock it while through the touch plane.
5) Recreate the keyboards and images to supplement the removal of all the keys and the change
	in location of the backspace.
6) Resize the viewable area of the keyboards on the screen by increasing the border and potentially
	capping the camera (z) distance so that we can always be aware of where we are in relation
	to the keyboard.
7) Don't allow swipe to determine key presses when way off the keyboard. (This was happening
	when Darren was off the screen but was still getting key presses).
8) Make sure to use the stabilized palm position for the pinch keyboard and when we implement
	The hand.
9) Modify the pinch threshold to further stabilize it and try to account for an actual pinch.
	Consider using the fingers and measuring the distances to also determine a pinch gesture.
	Lastly let's consider changing the angle of the leap to have a better view of the fingers.
10) Enable calibration of the pinch keyboard leap plane.
11) Implement a hand alternative for both the surface and air keyboards on the leap.
12) Solve the problem of entering/leaving the touch plane (we move along a sphere) so when
	moving away from the touch plane, you often hit the key above what you're leaving on.
	This can probably be solved by aligning the touch plane normal to the direction that the
	tool is pointing.
13) Consider a moving touch plane that aligns to the normal of the tool as well as the movements of the tool.
	This will be similar to the leap's already implemented moving touch plane. This will also allow us to
	test it as an alternative. This could be compared to the AR static keyboard.
14) Allow the user to move an already pre-calibrated plane using the tool as the center/normal.
15) Implement the data parser to convert from playback format to Matlab format.
16) Implement AR to help with feed back for air based keyboards
17) Consider further stabilizing the leap point based on delta velocity and delta position.
18) Add another UI/button to the control center. We want a data viewer that
   will allow me to select anything that has been previously recorded and
   view the playback.